The files starting in CR may be dirty - i.e. they can crash the game for other
reasons than the bug listed and are much larger than required to demonstrate
the error. This because they're raw output from the fuzzer.

CR1-CR4: Garbled metadata or too small board size.
CR5: Duplicator without stats causes getStatIdx to return -1 and thus access
memory outside of bounds.
CR6: DataLen a very high positive number, leading to an out of bounds read.
CR7: DataLen zero leading to a free-without-alloc in RemoveStat (play to 
exercise the bug).
CYCLE0: Transporters and players with cycle 0 crash and hang the game respectively.
TRANSTEP: Transporters with very large xstep,ystep crash the game.
CR8: Too large BoardLen (exceeding the size of the game file).
CR9: Use of a board tile with RLE count 0 causes desynchronization and subsequent crash on cleanup.
CR10: Multi-stage reference DataLen < 0 (i.e. object 1 points at object 2 which points at...)
CR11: The player stats has a data reference (DataLen < 0) to a later object with data. This causes a double free and a crash.
CR12: Number of boards < 0 causes read from unallocated memory. Also very long board title causes crash when trying to get board info in editor.
COLORS: Range error check as a white on white star color overflows its color, and when a star with P2 stat 0 underflows. Also delayed crashes picking up black keys or touching black doors.
STRANGE: Exercises a lot of centipede out-of-bounds bugs related to stepX and stepY.
LONG: Crash due to printing a very large number of short lines. (Omega Lock)
MULTI: Many crashes:
	- BoardData length zero causes game to read outside of allocated memory
	- Very long board title causes problems in the editor
	- Board edge with corrupt neighbor board data causes out-of-bounds
		access to BoardEdgeSeen
	- Player object is at the boundary (where the board edges are); causes
		crash when playing and the game is paused.
	- Out-of-bounds stats X,Y leads to trouble.
CR14_DUP: Duplicator with out-of-bounds XStep and YStep.
CNOSTAT: Conveyor trying to convey tiles that usually have stats, but don't
	here.
RLEFLOW: An almost full board becomes less compressible after some tiles change.
This can cause a crash in BoardClose as the serialized representation overflows
the buffer.
UNKUND: Having a tile with stats move and expose an out-of-bounds element
underneath causes a crash.
CR15: Wrong StepX, StepY values makes blinkwall crash.
CR16: StepX, StepY values with absolute value near 32767 cause crash when adding
or subtracting them from other values. Fixed by truncating these values on load.
CR17: StepX = 0, StepY = 0 and cycle of Follower values causes infinite loop in centipede head.
CR18: Very large World.Info.CurrentBoard causes crash in BoardClose.
DATAPOS: Double-free/use-after-free bug involving BIND when already bound. See
the world for more info.
CR19: Moving a stat that's placed upon the player (stacked stats) off the player
could remove him and thus violate the invariant. This is highly technical to
pull off, involving follower indices pointing at a stat whose coordinates are
the same as the player.
CR20: Placing a star at (0,15) (e.g. by removing the board edge) with the
player being energized causes the star to try to go outside of bounds due to
SEEK being reversed when the player is energized. (The same can happen with
beasts too.)
INVAR6: Conveyor (most likely) pushing the player to (0,0) makes the player
disappear and breaks the invariant.
PLAY1: Using enough triplet notes can get the note duration to overflow past
an integer's capacity and thus cause a crash.
PLAY2: Using enough triplet notes can get the note duration to overflow past
a byte (256) and cause a crash wne it's later forced into a byte.
OOBSHOT: Shooting directly out of bounds causes a crash in BoardShoot.
GIVEOF: Giving (gems, ammo, etc) in multiple steps in a way that overflows the
counter causes a range check error and crash.
DEADSMIL: Zapping an item with stats with a player beneath leads to boom 
attempting to move a -1 stat.
OBJ_OOB: Out-of-bounds object commands (FLOW and stepx, stepy out of bounds)
causes a range error reading from outside of the board. (Can be triggered in
many different ways; the file does a reasonably comprehensive test of them all.)
