This directory is for test cases that lead to a crash if you do a particular
set of actions. If a file both has an "instant" crash (crash either on load
or on play) and a delayed crash, I'll place it in the other crash directory
with a note to that effect.

LOCKED.ZZT	Super Lock locked ZZT file. Will crash the editor if you try to
		enter the locked board. Also useful as a test of whether the
		board select screen will honor label jumps (KevEdit doesn't)
		and if the loader can recover last boards with wrong board size
		based on file size.

LOCKED2.ZZT	Like LOCKED.ZZT, but there's a valid board at the end, after the
		corrupted board, so recovering last boards will no longer work.

BORDER.ZZT	ZAPing in a corner causes range check errors. Going out of
		bounds after having ZAPed causes writes to unallocated memory
		on DOS, or crash on Linux.

EDGELOOP.ZZT	Infinite loop (and stack overflow) when touching a board edge
		that touches a board edge that...

SCROLL.ZZT	A few scroll crash bugs.

INFLATE.ZZT	Tests the adding of stats to an almost-full (almost 20K)
		board. Allowing the stats to be added can cause a crash in
		BoardClose as the serialized representation overflows the
		buffer.

MBOARD.ZZT	Too many boards. Trying to load and then quit creates an
		overflow in WorldUnload.

EDGECASE.ZZT	Placing a player on (1,0) and then going right violates the
		player invariant if BoardOpen calls BoardCreate. (It would
		probably freeze the game if there weren't an invariant.)

EDGECAS2.ZZT	As EDGECASE, except the destination board has no player.
		Causes an invariant violation because moving to a board
		edge with a player at the other end but player's stats
		somewhere else doesn't create a player at those stats.

OOPFLOW.ZZT	Tests ZZT's #give and #take behavior with very large values.
		Such large values can cause a crash (in this case, upon
		touching the object) if range checking is turned on, which
		it is by default in the debug Linux ZZT build.

SNPLAYER.ZZT	A clever combination of no player on the board and an early
		Exit in BoardOpen makes the player never appear on the board
		when transporting there (passage or board edge), which in turn
		trips the invariant.

SELFBND.ZZT	#BINDing oneself causes repeated freeing of the same pointer
		and thus a crash. Only doing it once in an object is safe as
		long as the object doesn't #DIE or otherwise removes itself;
		but a scroll dies on crash. An object caught up in an infinite
		loop by its BINDing will also trigger this crash without delay.
